[DOC] Document manual rolling updates of Connect and MM2 clusters (#9154)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/managing/proc-manual-rolling-update-pods.adoc

[id='proc-manual-rolling-update-pods-{context}']
= Performing a rolling update using a pod annotation

> This procedure describes how to manually trigger a rolling update of an existing Kafka, Connect, MirrorMaker2, or ZooKeeper clusters using a Kubernetes `Pod` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure describes how to manually trigger a rolling update of existing Kafka, Kafka Connect, MirrorMaker 2, or ZooKeeper clusters using a Kubernetes `Pod` annotation.
```

When multiple pods are annotated, consecutive rolling updates are performed within the same reconciliation run.

.Prerequisites

> To perform a manual rolling update, you need a running Cluster Operator and Kafka, Connect, or MirrorMaker2 cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a manual rolling update, you need a running Cluster Operator. 
The cluster for the component you are updating, whether it's Kafka, Kafka Connect, or MirrorMaker 2, must also be running.
```

Reviewer: we don't mention ZooKeeper here?
